Hey Welcome! 
Here is my Final Portolfio Project for My computer Science Degree
Below you will find a few things: A professional assement, three computer science projects with explanation and links to the code, and a video for a code review. 
Through it all I hope you learn more about myself, my education, and why I could make a valuable memeber of your organization!

Professional Assesment: 
My time in Southern New Hampshire Universities’ computer science program have been extremely valuable. I have learned a lot of skills that will continue to make me valuable in the ever-changing workplace. For my e-portfolio project I focused on engineering tasks that will hopefully be able to propel my career as a product manager forward. Over the course of the last year, I have worked as a Product manager for a tech startup, and I do not think I would be at this point without this program. Throughout my time here I learned data analytics, core software engineering skills, and how to work effectively with technical teams. All while continuing to learn to communicate with stakeholders. These skills will continue to allow me to advance my career as a product manager. Working well with engineers, understanding data well, and high level of communication are the skills that I look most forward to taking with me. 
	During my time constructing this portfolio I focused on showcasing the more technical skills that will make me a great product manager. For my first project I transferred my reverse engineering final into a new coding language. The reason I thought this was worthwhile was because showing that I have skills in working with different types of technologies is critical to the work of a product manager. Then for my next project I am going to refactor my security project with additional data structures and faster algorithms. This will show competency in core computer science fundamentals. Allowing me to better communicate with engineers. My final project will be updating my data mining project with new data grabs SQL injection. I chose this project because I wanted to show I could work with data because a great product manager needs to be data informed. All these projects show my skills in some of the core technical areas for product managers. 
